In the original website that I've attached above, the headline is in two lines. Ours is in three. Maybe we have to make the headline itself smaller in font size or you formatted it wrong. So please check that. If we need to make the font size smaller, please do that. Further, I see that the padding from the headline to the top is smaller on our end while on the original website it's much bigger. Please make it bigger. And then I see that the sub-headline, see how I get 30k to 150k blah blah blah, is in four lines and his is in three. So I'd like to do this. I guess we have to make it smaller. Next, make it make it a couple points smaller so it fits into three into three lines and the written by Jacob Jablonski. This is in two lines. I'd like to make it yet a bit smaller. Make it two or three points, like make it one or two points smaller so more fits into it. Then to the pictures. The pictures on our end are four pictures in a weird row. For him, from what I see, every picture is fully displayed and then comes the next one. And below of each picture is a short description. Please check that. I'd like to replicate the exact same thing. Besides that, that's besides that everything is pretty pretty good. The only thing that I'd like to change is at the bottom, ready to get started. Instead of doing that, I'd eliminate the ready to get started and just keep the book one on one called sticky button we currently have. And as the next thing that I'd like to do is I'd like you to make a more resources tab. So at the bottom of of this website, there should be a headline saying want one more resources. Check, check the articles, check, read, read more, read more articles below. And then for now, this should be just template eyes, but it should just show this should be a. There should be a row with three columns and each column is. Each column is vertical. And if all fitting in all one row and. There are two buttons in the middle, in the middle below this row. Helping you to navigate to the next article, if you'd like that we have published. So do pretty much show you more, more articles and. To showcase the articles, there is a quick picture, a quick headline, and that's it. And there are always free showing. Please do that.