Okay, so for the desktop, there should be no logo and no free resource text yet. We're just making it for the mobile right now and we're optimizing in a way that we can then make this to a template. This should be strictly for template purposes. And yes, so firstly, the free resource paragraph text and everything we're just talking about is strictly on mobile. Don't change anything on that stuff. For mobile, the headline should be there and above the headline should be the free resource paragraph text. And you should do that text. That text should be directly coming, be like after above the headline. Should be no space in between, nothing. No padding, no margin, nothing should be directly coming. Further, above the free resource and at the top of the page on the mobile, there should be the logo provided earlier on mobile in the middle. And further, instead of then, after you've done all of these things, please make everything that I've just described onto the mobile version of the website. And instead of writing written by Jacob Jablonski, just write written by Eric Cole, entrepreneur or faceless marketing mastermind. And yeah, let's get this done now and keep in mind what you're building right now is a template for later resources. Now, besides that, the last thing I'd like to add is for the one more resources at the bottom question and then where you're recommending multiple different free resources, I'd like you to make it in a way that all of these three things are put next to each other, so one left, one middle, one right, and not each below each other. And I'm talking even on the mobile app, and I'm talking strictly for mobile. And below each folder, there's the headline, example how to scale your lead generation business to eight figures. And then below that there's a button, read now, and that for each and every single resource. And below that, just keep the previous and next button. But there should also be coming new articles when clicking because right now there aren't. Even if they're synthetic for now, please do that.