Pasted--Pasted-for-faq-Can-anyone-do-this-Yes-You-don-t-need-any-prior-experience-to-do-this-No-tech-skil-1753274690466_1753274690466.txt



Pasted-for-faq-Can-anyone-do-this-Yes-You-don-t-need-any-prior-experience-to-do-this-No-tech-skills-n-1753272475580_1753272475580.txtfor faq: Can anyone do this?

Yes. You don't need any prior experience to do this. No tech skills, no prior following or anything. If you can just follow the steps and put in consistent effort, you can build and grow a Shadow Page using our proven systems.

How much time does it take?

Really depends but usually at the start around 1h/day. After you've automated your page, you don't need really more than that.

Can I do it from anywhere in the world?
Yes that's why it's so great. You have an income stream generating you cash flow while you can travel the world, spend more time with your loved ones and have true freedom.

CUT:
" I've got students traveling all around the globe from Asia to South America and enjoy their location freedom entirely."

Over 10+ pages. I know it's quite a lot, but the fun part is they're working on complete autopilot

"You can completely automate your page so you don't have to work on it. I spend less than 5min on my pages as they run on complete autopilot."


change at what exactly are Shadow Pages this part:

All you have to do is leverage simple A.I. tools to create all the content for you... (we showcase exactly how to our students)

This allows you to completely automate your page while keeping 90-95% profit margins since A.I. tools are becoming cheaper, but also more efficient day by day.

Before, you had to do everything yourself — create videos, research content, write captions. Now with the right systems in place, A.I. handles it all for you.

This is a huge opportunity to embrace AI and profit from it, especially with it becoming more & more important in today's day and age. This is exactly how I've automated more than 10 of my pages and how I'm able to only spend 5-15min a day on my pages.

But how can you exactly generate cashflow you might ask?"

For the Now a new era has begun change it to this: Now a new era has begun, where faceless social media brands are taking over — with Shadow Pages you can profit off social media the same way all these influencers do, but without having to show yourself, be an influencer or create any of the content yourself...

This is the first time in history where regular everyday people can leverage social media platforms to generate cashflow and take advantage of the booming creator economy that Goldman Sachs predicts to skyrocket to half a trillion dollars by 2027:

Goldman Sachs Pic 

And it's not only Goldman Sachs...

Even Forbes says that faceless creators are taking over and that it's the future of social media:

Some of my pages even have close to 500K followers like @glowupacademyy or @boysglowup:

Picture 

But what I'm more proud to share is the fact that as my business is fully automated - I've been able to dedicate my time to helping everyday people add an extra income stream with Shadow Pages...

Now we've grown our community to more than 800+ people, where we help each other grow and generate cashflow with Shadow Pages.